Dah is of time and fit in everyone Hello comfortable
I would like to introduce a portable gas stove this time
How can being sold from some of the manufacturers I have used this blue
And those of the manufacturers say impose camping
Then a thing of the silver call or rail company
Both are very durable and can be used long
Though the appearance is very compact
The firepower is quite good and it depends on the basics if it is water of 1 liter constellation
You can boil in 6 minutes
Bastrop painted I mean the after of us caused the fire in the outdoors
Somehow still
Because you are collecting burning things and you may be strong
Is very useful because it can Kashikiru is so kind of preparation of the stage
It is easy to use
This is a little old car made by this camper
I can help the writer
But you know
Other than that, it's easy to loosen the diplomatic relations and set fire with a lighter
It's easy to go like this
59 ingredients from the disastrous state of firepower
Welcome to the discussion
Can say
And the one made by Coleman This is a little new
In addition to
Ignition device
It comes with a
So you can easily set the fire without a lighter
Bring it here
I want to look for them
Very little was woman student
Not a great condition no good
It is a head that accumulated
You can change
Both cats use gas cartridges though
I think that you can buy it for about 500 yen at the home improvement center
Product edge also depends
If a little night light name is a simple cooking body
If you buy two
You may be able to use 1 seed whole
Let it stand Rio
I can not see for a while whether it is left
And make yourself water in the hole sometimes, run by the unexpected rest has become less
Our Maenu
There is possible to experience
It is this electronic ignition type but
Sometimes it is well spark does not fly depending on what Kana conditions Toka or not wet, for example,
So be sure
Lighter or match
If you lift it together
I did not notice to have had
The sake I said was different
I am also very easy to use
I think that came from some other brands
Purchased a favorite pedestal and used it
I am
Mother and father
Choices it
It might be called or easily in the neighborhood faced match skirt
Not when no longer used struggling Then accustomed to put in the hands of the gas cartridge areas
Because
The price may be a ticket gate
Also, when using it, it may be better if you can not give something too big or heavy
Low center of gravity and stable but still language
People who have a strong wind
By any means
In the windbreak
It might have to say that I'll make a Kamata If you do not care at that time
Reflected heat may go to this cartridge
Different to cartridge Then the very dangerous
So that destruction does not turn
It is very dangerous to explode
And always use the used cartridge without giving it up in Yamagata
Please make 4 units by yourself
You may see a cartridge that has been abandoned until the pounding and
I am very sorry
If you are looking at this video please do not have such a thing